Add release notes and updates for 1.11.1 (#7)
anbox-cloud/discourse-docs: announcements/1.11.1.md

### Introduction

> The Anbox Cloud team is pleased to announce the release of Anbox Cloud 1.11.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Anbox Cloud team is pleased to announce the release of Anbox Cloud 1.11.1.
```

Please see [component versions](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/component-versions) for a list of updated components.

#### New Features & Improvements

>  * Android security updates for August 2021 (see [here](https://source.android.com/security/bulletin/2021-08-01) for more information)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Android security updates for August 2021 (see [Android Security Bulletin - August 2021](https://source.android.com/security/bulletin/2021-08-01) for more information)
```

"here" is generally a really bad link text. ;)

#### Bugs

* LP #1939277 lxc-attach fails on sendfile with EINVAL on 5.11
* LP #1938877 Native crash occurred when creating an application from Android 11 after finishing application bootstrap
* LP #1939274 Anbox crashes after "Failed to put memory protection in place"
* LP #1939666 Bootstrap fails because of missing /dev/fd0
* LP #1939129 The anbox-stream-sdk.js file is missing from Android webview based projects
* LP #1938901 Appliance upgrade fails with Juju 2.9.x

#### Upgrade Instructions

> Please see the [general upgrade guide](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/installation/upgrading-from-previous-versions) for instructions of how to update your Anbox Cloud deployment to the 1.11.1 release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [general upgrade guide](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/installation/upgrading-from-previous-versions) for instructions on how to update your Anbox Cloud deployment to the 1.11.1 release.
```
